If you don't already have an account, it's simple to sign up.
You only need to enter your email and you can continue this for free.
Once you're logged into your account, you can type LinkedIn into the search bar here and scroll down
to LinkedIn banner.
Take a look at some of their pre created templates.
Anything you see with the Crown is pro.
This means that you have to upgrade from a free account to the paid account, which is now at the time
of this filming about 30 dollars per month.
One of my favorite things about Canva is that they do give you so many options that are free.
So before you dive in and buy Canva, give it some time.
Make sure it's actually a tool that you're using regularly before you pay for it.
Once you find a template that you like and you're ready to make it a little more tailored to yourself.
Just click on the photo and the pre-loaded graphics will load here.
Quick note If you select a template that you end up hating, you can also just scroll down the side
here and choose a new one.
I will show you very briefly how you'll start making this a little more accustomed to yourself.
Anything on their template can be edited in terms of text, you can choose an entirely new font.
You can change the size.
You can change the color.
You can even add effects.
You can do things like add a bit of a shadow, add a lift.
These are just a couple of things that you might want to consider to make your content stand out a little
more.
Now, if you do want to actually edit the text, all you're going to do is double click and then you're
going to type in your name.
Everything that you're clicking on is highlighted by a blue bar, and you'll notice that when I move,
some of the text around it automatically shows me what this text is in alignment with.
So right now, the text that I have highlighted is in alignment with the.
Here we go with the one two three anywhere street.
So consider this your easy way to design and make sure that everything is aligned with one another.
All right.
So for the sake of this video, I'm going to make it short and sweet.
Because in previous lessons, we've talked about the importance of having some kind of calling card
as a banner.
So I'm going to just show you how you can make a banner that's effective in just minutes.
So I've already selected my template, I've written my name and I'm going to put Virtue, my title virtual
assistant.
Maybe we even want to go a little further assisting with who?
Small to medium.
Start ups, OK?
I'm just totally making this up.
You could theoretically add exactly what it is that you do, who you service, your skills.
Really, sky's the limit when it comes to what you want to add up here.
Kind of like that.
They love this contact.
You could definitely leave your phone number, your email.
Probably not going to give your address if your remote, somebody's going to remove that so we can see
what that looks like.
OK.
And here too, if you want to change the picture or even add a photo of yourself, it's pretty simple
to simply upload a photo of yourself.
What you can even do is if you already have a picture of yourself that you want to use or a logo for
your business.
Whatever it is, you can actually drag from your desktop.
Just drag your content into this bar over here on the on the left hand side.
Once you drop it in your photo, upload automatically and then we've got a couple more options.
I can drag this over here, so you'll see it kind of snaps into one of these like egg things over the
guy, or I can actually delete this guy.
And it's not what I want to do if I click instead of drag, the photo will appear exactly where I want
it to appear from here.
If you're wondering what we can do, then we have a couple more options with this image.
So let's go up to edit image.
This is where you can adjust to kind of some simple, simple things like a brightness contrast that
color, the saturation.
There are a couple more things that Canva does for free that I think is really cool.
You can do a face retouch.
This kind of smooths out your skin to ever go smooth skin.
We're all living in the era of Snapchat, and we're also used to smooth skin.
I know it's crazy you.
I don't recommend doing any of these other kind of funky filters because none of these are professional,
but you could definitely do some, some light editing.
OK, so see up here they do have an option for a background remover.
This would remove the black and everything behind my head right here.
This is only available for a pro account.
That's a paid account.
But in the next lecture, I'm actually going to show you how to remove backgrounds for free, so hang
tight.
Other things that you can do with this image, you can crop it.
So if you simply move these squares, it's kind of an interesting way for you to crop.
You can resize things by clicking on position.
You can actually send the photo backwards behind these other elements.
These design elements we're going to pretend like this is wonderful and excellent, and we love it.
So here is what we can do next.
You'll notice this published on LinkedIn.
You couldn't do that, but that's more like it'll publish it to your feed.
What you'll want to do is look for this down arrow and hit download page is usually the best option
because it's going to be your highest quality.
Once that image is downloaded, I want you to go on to your LinkedIn and look for this pencil icon in
the upper right hand corner.
From here, we can go to change photo and we're going to upload a photo.
Here's the one that I've just created, and we're simply going to click Upload.
Now we can drag to reposition.
We can even zoom in if we wanted to.
Not a lot of leeway here, but definitely a couple of things to fuss around with if you wanted to.
And then you want to do hit apply.
And there's the new background right behind your photo.
I do recommend that you play around a little bit with positioning.
As you can see here, the contact info that I put right over my head is cut off.
I would likely move all of this info over here.
Maybe move the full you know you, you do you.
This is your creative endeavor, but just wanted to show you how you could theoretically take something
very, very simple and tweak it so that it's a little more your own.
Like I said, any of these things are editable.
You can add photos.
You can even keep a template if you like this background pencil with a cup of coffee, you could seriously
keep your template.
As simple as this one was just your name, your title and your email.
I think that's an awesome, awesome option because it tells people right when they go to your LinkedIn,
who you are, what your title is and how they can contact you.
So in under five to 10 minutes tops, I think you two could create a really snazzy background using
something like Canva.